Emily Elephant
Peppa and herfriends are
going to playgroup today.
The children each have their
own hook to hang their coats on.
Today, we have a new pupil,
Emily Elephant.
Hello, Emily!
Hello.
Emily is a bit shy.
Who would like to show Emily
where to hang her coat?
Me! Me! Me! Me!
We just need one.
Peppa, can you show Emily
where to hang hercoat?
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
We each have our own coat hooks.
This one is foryou, Emily.
Emily is hanging her coat
on her very own coat hook.
Now, Emily,
what would you like to do today?
Painting,
clay or building-blocks?
Um. I don't know.
Maybe building-blocks.
And everyone else; painting,
clay or building-blocks?
Building-Blocks!!!
My goodness!
Building-blocks
are populartoday!
Everyone wants to sit
next to Emily Elephant.
Emily, you put one block
on top of another.
Like this.
It's better
if you put them side-by-side.
No, this way, Emily.
This is the right way, Emily.
No, Emily! Like this.
You're all being very helpful.
But Emily, how would you
play with the blocks?
Um. I'm not very sure.
I might do it like this.
Wow!
Emily Elephant is good
at building-blocks.
It is playtime.
Horray!
Emily, would you like to play
outside with the others?
Yes, please.
Can someone show Emily
where we play?
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
At playtime,
Peppa and herfriends play
in the school garden.
Can't catch me!
What a lot of noise!
Let's see who is the loudest!
Ok. I. Il go first.
Squeak! Squeak!
That was quite loud.
Now, it is Zoe Zebra's turn.
Brrrrrrrrr!
Now Suzy Sheep.
Baaaaa!
Now Danny Dog.
Woof! Woof!
That was very loud.
My turn! Meow!
My turn! Whinnee!
My turn! SNOOORT!!!!!
Peppa is the loudest.
Emily, you try!
I'm not too sure.
Please, Emily!
Ok. I'll try.
AOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHGH!
My goodness!
That was loud.
Wow!
Do it again!
AOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHGH!
Emily is not shy anymore.
Emily, would you like to play
my favourite game?
What is yourfavourite game?
Jumping in muddy puddles!
That's my favourite game, too!
Peppa loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles.
Emily loves jumping up
This looks like fun.
Yippee!
Madame Gazelle loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up
Emily, have you enjoyed
your first day at our playgroup?
Yes, Madame Gazelle!
And I see you've made
lots of new friends.
Yes!
Emily elephant is my friend!
And Emily is my friend.
And mine!
And mine! And mine!
Emily, who do you like best?
Um.
I like, Suzy and Danny and Zoe
and Rebecca and Pedro and Peppa!